Second talk with Henry from Regeneron:
Yeah, so there's a category of, like, auto-scientists. Google Co-Scientists is one of these, and you can sort of, like, read their papers and figure out how they kind of constructed it. There's a private one that's kind of trying to get there called Edison Scientific's Cosmos, and then there's a few. I think Stanford might have come up with one at one point. But rather than answer just as this target, like we're pursuing... How do I pause the... That's fine. Yeah, so I think that's fine. So the structural reasoning. So the point is that this category of these co-scientists basically don't answer the question alone, but they say, and this is the experiment you want to do, right, to at least get yourself further, because then I can help you make a better decision, which is actually the pattern of a lot of good systems. They won't know the answer, but they'll know the question that needs to be answered and how to answer that question, and then be, like, information sequence. So it's not just experiments, but I don't have this—you don't have, like, the full text of this or anything like that. So it'll actually allow you to develop a research agenda, which in most pharma companies, and also if you think about VC, whether or not they want to, like, back some thing, then you can check the work that whether, like the people did the work that, yeah, depending on, like, how important it is for you to get your confidence above a certain threshold to then fund or pursue that target. And it can also, like, there's not just invalidation, but you can—what's interesting about this, I think, what's it called? Roivant? There were other companies that took this approach and basically rescued drugs that looked, like, terrible. So, like Pfizer would out-license, I think famously, a drug to Roivant, thinking, like, it's not worth us developing it. Then Roivant, like, kind of had some better understanding of the target and the drug, and they're like, Oh yeah, we're going to develop it, and then just flip that back to Pfizer for more money because they took the—they had a better way of managing that uncertainty. They knew how to actually go do the experiments to advance it to the next phase of either preclinical development in animals or, like, clinical development in humans. That's interesting. Yeah, but I think it's—we're thinking of the approach as with the initial conversation that we had, you talked about how it's very easy to not trust the logical reasoning of the AI to make conclusions, but we can—I think there is much higher, like, much higher respectability to its finding, like, sources and disprove, rather than try to prove and extrapolate. Sources, and then what the Zitnik Lab did at Harvard was to then have something that approaches a knowledge graph. Yeah, you can, like, look at the justification is on that graph, not necessarily in a publication. Sometimes sourced from there, but you can say, Oh, this knowledge graph represents what we know about the pathways affected by this target, and then you can kind of double-click into what are the pieces of literature that support that knowledge. Yeah. So, like, the overall problem is kind of, like, preventing drug discovery down, like, the wrong pathway, because, like, a lot of times people—I mean, like, companies have spent, like, billions of dollars, like, trying to develop a drug that they can't actually, like, target the thing that they want to target. So that's kind of, like, where we're going with that. That's good. Yeah, and right now I think we're just trying to figure out, like, the user flow, because I think a user experience is really, really important to this. So, I mean, obviously, selfishly for Genentech, there's, like, a class of people and users who are very interested in developing drugs. For the sake of this entire audience, there's many other users that are interested in this, not the least of which is the investment community. It's like, Oh, you, like, hit it out of the park with, like, any of these hedge funds if they, like, weren't quants, to be like, Oh, wait a second, you mean, like, we don't—we just, like, know the drug doesn't work? We don't need math? Yeah. So there's that too. Yeah. But, yeah, right now we're doing two different, like, versions. So there is one thing I'll just repeat it, because I don't know if it came through last time, is that also knowing that there's, like—people get very optimistic when there's a publication about, say, a gene variant association that's correlated with a disease and, like, loss of function results in some better health. But you have to take everything that comes with that loss of function. So let's say we use siRNA to silence some gene that's associated with, like, worse cardio-metabolic health, and you see, Oh, these people have, like, really good, like, low rates of diabetes and stuff. You also look at what bad things might happen to those people too, maybe, like, cancer, some other issues. So knowing that early on, a target might be nice, but it might be expressed in so many other tissues that you can hit it, but unless you hit it specifically in the organ of relevance, you're going to go mess the other tissue and have severe side effects. Yeah. So that's what makes this, like a—you don't have to bite off the entire problem, but you should acknowledge things like that if you can. And that, I don't know how your prompting strategy is for your build, but you may want to figure out, like, what are—take on the persona of a very seasoned, like, drug discovery research expert. What would they do to critique the output of this, and then iteratively kind of round off those, or at least, like, create yourself parking spaces so that once you have that feature to go and, like resolve that sort of threat to validity. The co-scientist from Google is an interesting one because it's actually a search problem that they're kind of solving. Oh, really? Yeah, so I think—I'm trying to remember what they said. Let me read the actual— I have to go back and look. With Gemini 2 as well. It's with Gemini, but I spoke with the guy who tried that, and I was like, he was— it became a lot more like search at the end of a conversation than I advanced. Oh boy. Okay. So from an end user standpoint, that might be something that you want to, like, figure out what personas, and then you can work, like, in parallel in terms of figuring out, like, how does this actually present really well to a hackathon audience in addition to, like, this heavy-duty, like under-the-hood stuff. So it doesn't have to necessarily be, like a very slick front end, but is this a problem that somebody would encounter frequently enough and they would immediately find value from it, where it's like, Oh, I have to use this, or it's like, Eh, it's, like, okay. I don't know if I want to do this. Like, I'm kind of getting by okay on whatever I'm doing myself. User experience over user interface. Yeah. There's not an easy way for you to do this in the timeframe of the hackathon, but if you can show, like, you'd have to censor the data to sort of discoveries recently, but that's what Co-Scientist tried to do is, like, can you rediscover something that has subsequently been discovered? Okay. 23. And you were— see, so you're focusing on target identification and validation. One way of invalidating targets is to actually look at trials that have failed. So people will think that a target was really related to disease, and it's not that it wasn't, is that they missed that the disease might have been related to multiple pathways affecting the same thing. So the human body is an incredible machine. Like, we have so many backup systems that if you block some target, like, nature finds a way of, like, your body trying to reroute to another pathway, like this, like highways and stuff like that. So it's like waves and, like, rerouting, like, Okay, we're going to go use all this other molecular machinery to go do something. So it's— that was actually the mistake that Google Co-Scientist made, is that they didn't. They, like, Oh, this receptor would be, like, this whatever is, like, a really good thing to target for a drug. And it's like, Yeah, except if you just, like, did what Google does and search, you'd see that all the clinical trials for that target failed. Right. Like 10 years ago. So you really want to, like, nail down, like corroborating all of these different sources of information. Yeah, you want to, like, create either data-driven, like, reference search...
You give me this happened while I was taking all that. But it would be helpful for us to... I think... Yeah. It's just based on, like, what... So, one example is, like Parkinson's disease that we chose, because the paper was, like, very new. Then they kind of walked you through all the different... It just basically the process in the classroom, where, like, kind of simulate the process in the classroom. And she is really good by itself to show, like, they approve drugs on target, but also there are other drugs in development that will improve your confidence that other people have looked at this. So you almost don't need to know that the target's valid, other than, like, there are ten companies chasing it, except they all got it wrong. Yeah, yeah. That was, like, exactly the thinking. We were, like, the goal was to, like, expand the search before we... So, and we'll go through all of that and, like, use the fact that... because now we... all the... Yeah. It's, like, how do we get there? And then finally, I think the results page actually might be the most important one. It will give a ranking, but it will simplify what is, like, really new. Yeah. So one thing to just, in the biotech world, these are mostly chemical-based drugs. If you happen to be able to scour, I don't know what you're using to get to this, but if it's a chemicals-only database, you're missing, like, the swath of large molecules that can actually hit these targets also. Let me tell you, I have... why is this a more approach to, like... Is this real? Is this actually really running, or is it just sort of mocked up? Mocked up, but we can expand our... We were just like, let's just get started with, like, an initial... So that's there. This is close enough, because the GLP-1 drug is, like not the biggest protein, but it's, like, it's... that's technically in the biotech space, where you're looking at more than just chemicals. Yes and no. So yes, because they're good for the actual drugs that exist. And some of these drugs may not have been approved for anything. But it's actually that fine print underneath it is, like, what does that drug actually do to the target? So that's why I'm saying, like, it's too much information for you all to know, and the hackathon audience is going to care. But we tend to care if the target is, like a large molecule can't make it inside of the nucleus of a cell, or, like can't... like there's... the tricky things is, like, is it targetable or not? I was researching it into this, like... Docking? Yeah. Would that be somewhat related? Yes, except it's like more... It's not the docking part; it's, like you can't get it to that part of the... Like, the cell surface is much easier to target than if this thing is, like, sitting on some pathway inside of the cell. And, like if it's in the nucleus, we got to, like, figure out siRNA or some, like, weird, like gene editing or gene therapy. So the reason I'm bringing that up is that that fine print underneath it is actually where the money is, because that one tells you what's actually going on. We think this, like, type of missile can sneak in, like, underneath a window or something. And it's almost like if you could... this is... don't do this, but I'm just, like, thinking out loud. Like what you eventually have to do is create a diagram that there's, like, BioRender is one API or other ones. You remember the talk this morning by Grant Sanderson about... He created Manim, which is, like, a math animation library. But you don't need animation; you just kind of need something that shows the pathway, the theoretical pathway, and then people, they'll recognize that. Like good scientists will be like, Oh no, no, that's, like, a known pathway versus, Oh, this is novel. Like, do you really think that's actually what's going on here? And then that's actually your roadmap to saying we're going to design experiments to see if that pathway truly does what we think it does. Okay, okay. So way more emphasis on the type of pathway, too, than just the... Well, so this table is actually okay, but then you could figure out, like... Well, the best evidence there, you have the trials, actually, the phase three. So that's good. You got some good stuff here. It's more for if there were no clinical trials, why do we actually go and proceed with them? And that's where you have to get that one and have some sort of idea of either accordion style or how do you actually go drill down of both what exists and then what if. So would you say we should, like, consolidate it more into, like one? So, I mean, with the trials, then that permission underneath? Yeah, I don't know, because you have two different things going on. There's best evidence, which is, like, is there a trial? But then in the absence of trials, all other things being equal, yeah, like, okay, then how do I actually give it a ranking? And then how do I blow up in that justification? Okay. So for the what ifs portion, like we can initially look at if there are any, like, similar, like, past findings that we can use for context. But for, like, the what if portion of, like, if there are no, like, past clinical trials, like related to that, like what should we be, like, targeting? I guess the human version of this is you had no AI at all. You might look at this pathway, people thought it affected this disease, and it either did or did not pan out. So if we get to the pathway earlier or later, it should work as well. And that does work for, like, high blood pressure, right? Like, it's actually the angiotensin renin cascade where, you know, like A leads to B leads to C, and then your blood pressure goes up. So you can block any one of those three, and then it tends to, like, produce some type of similar effect. That's what makes some things more plausible. Where things go super haywire, and this is what I'm saying, like, the body has so many branch points where it's like, Oh, we don't know that that's the only way that the pathway runs. But if that's all we know about the biology, then if you can actually elegantly display the rationale in that manner, like, this is the pathway, and this is what we think, and here's the experiments that have been done to confirm that this pathway, then it's a story rather than just, like, a collection of data. It's got a certain logic to this is the pathway, and this is why we believe all the steps of the pathway, and this is why the target is related to the pathway and to the disease. Yeah. I think things like chemical compounds... With their loss, that would be, like, BioRender, like, better to be. I can look into it especially now that I think AI should be... Yeah, and that would demo well for a lot of reasons, which is you could also explain, like, just regular drug pathways, and that would be useful for, like, educating doctors, medical students, like other people on. Like the best animations we have now, there's inevitably, like, some pill that goes down into, like, a cross section of a person, and then something blows. Like, we can do better than that. We have, like, oh no, this gets this receptor, and then, like, you know, cancer destroyed. Yeah. I'm very biasing you, though, because that's actually the video game industry is, like, trying to make that way more intuitive for kids and, like adults who are, like, waiting in line at Costco. But anyone to, like, understand basic biology, like, Oh, an antibody is like this, like sticky burr. It just comes, like, shooting out of... Yeah. Yeah, I think that's, like, so... That's so cool. Sorry, my bad. No, that's so fair. Actually, funny, all of us realize we're all from, we all, like, creative backgrounds, like writers and... Oh yeah? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, like visual... Yeah. I will tell you that most of the image production AI, for whatever reason, I don't think it actually either has the knowledge or the prompting strategy to do a good job at scratch. So if you tell it, like, make a picture of this cascade, it makes, like a weird garbled, like what it thinks it is. If you ask it to, like, create Asian characters, it also does the same thing. It's like, That's not a real letter or word. And it's just like, Well, it looks like it to me. Like imagine somebody had a tattoo, and they're like, That's not a Chinese letter. That's just, like, random. That's what it tends to produce for these types of scientific diagrams until you can get, like a formal API in place and stuff. I was about to ask, because you see I worked with STRINGDB. Have you heard of STRINGDB? No, but I've seen those types of diagrams. These types of diagrams? Yeah. I think you... I've, like, worked previously with using an MCP server where it could create the network graphs based on protein-protein interaction. Okay. So, like, it's pretty... Those are well understood to, like, translational medicine scientists. Yeah. But they're really hard for everyone
Thickness of the spine. So, you know, the visual analogs of how you want to express this are not easy because part of the utility of that type of thing is you pull on a vertex and then, like, you kind of expand it out, where you kind of want the system to do that for you in a way that starts to, like, support your rationale. And make sense. Let's see after we get to, like, because we have potentially the diagram, I think you mentioned before. One thing we mentioned is, if there's, like, the screen app, where we actually can actually explore the drug in depth. Like, obviously we can add some more information on the properties itself, because that's, like, really helpful to know, because that's something you know as a scientist will, like, But it'll basically summarize, like, the main interactions of the drug, as well as potentially, like, mechanisms for which it can be attacked. I think this might be cutting-edge, but I can probably replace that with a diagram or more information. And one more thing is, like, if the objection doesn't exist yet, but you can, like, think, what if there was a study that suddenly showed this? It then becomes a surveillance mechanism to say you don't have to rerun the AI, but, like, keep an eye out for any studies that go either way, because somebody else might be doing the science. You'd be like, Oh, oh, stop, stop developing, like something weird happened, and that's, like, destroying this line of reasoning. Wait, yeah, because if we can target, like, all anyways, like we're pulling from maybe sources that where the papers would be released, like, it could be like a... Yeah. The weird thing is right now, like, people think of this as a static point in time, but it takes close to a decade to actually develop a drug to that. So, if there's something that, you know, let's say you're in the middle of phase one or two studies in humans already, and like, Oh no, they, like, did this other animal experiment, they realized there's this other thing. That's something that is hard once the train has left the station into the clinical world to go realize that there's been another thing, unless you have, like, all the scientists who are, like, very early engaged in the research. And they do a decent job catching it, but it's nice to know it even earlier as it, like, suddenly breaks in the literature. Yeah. That's exactly, like, a time, like, money for that early kind of stuff. Yeah, and for investors too. Oh, yeah. You see that and, like, yeah. So the value of catching something before the rest of the market realizes it for investors, but also for, like, biotechs and their pharma companies. Wait, I really, really... So I think the case study we looked at specifically was 2015. I hope I'm pronouncing it correctly, but it was for the Parkinson's disease. I believe Neil led, like, this one. Yeah, this one. And what we realized is, like, they only found out... I don't think it worked, right? Yeah, it didn't work. They found out in phase two that it failed. I think after you had, like, 10, 20 million already invested in the trials, because there was so much hype around it because of the paper. And so we were, like, if our tool was there, potentially, like, we could have shown... Yeah. So that's a question: if you removed one, like remove all the clinical trials, how would you have known it was going to fail? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's actually... No, follow, follow. So in that case, for Parkinson's and other... that's actually an example where it's not so much the docking, is that your central nervous system is very protected against certain molecules making it through into your brain. Because it only has 1%. Yeah. So the blood-brain barrier essentially is like, you know, like a very secure TSA checkpoint. And so, like, only certain things... Like, there's a lot of exceptions if you have an infection or other stuff. But by and large, that makes it hard for us to administer drugs. But the interesting thing here is I'd be very curious about, wait, how did they try to give it to these patients? Because, like, if you inject, it's just... Well, you can actually give the reverse of a spinal tap. You can inject a drug into the fluid. But it's just, it's, like, literal pain, but also it's much more complicated because people don't do that. But if somebody were really, ALS is a uniformly awful disease, they might be willing to actually do that. And the reason we know this is that Regeneron, one of its biggest claims to fame was, like, taking a cancer pathway, which is VEGF and, like, endothelial growth of these blood vessels, and realizing, Oh, that's not just cancer; it's in the eyeball for, like, diabetic retinopathy. So let's just inject it into the eyeball. And you had to convince a ton of doctors, like, Wait, what? And the retina doctors are like, No, we know how to do that. So they figured out, okay, we guess we have to inject in the eyeball. We don't want to cause a retinal detachment. We have to do this just right, and we have to, like, measure everything possibly bad. But they figured it out. So for this case, one of my central questions, and that would be the question is like, Oh, is it just because they didn't actually deliver it into the right compartment of the body? Oh, okay. I think let me check in more of that, the paper. But you would be able to see that in the trials, like, if they considered doing that or not. So the mechanism for the drug administration as well is, like, an important part of this too. Sort of. The disease we know is, like, affecting a part of the body that's only accessible a certain number of ways. So it's not even the drug or the disease. It's, like, the route of administration would not have feasibly... I don't know the characteristics of this drug, actually. So it's possible it could diffuse across that blood-brain barrier. But those are the things where you want to test it in, like, animals first or, like, try and, like, get some understanding of the biology of how it makes it to the effective tissue. And there are other, like, studies you do in phase one where you can actually trace, like, add a radioactive tracer to some drugs and figure out where they're distributed in the body. I think what you're saying is, like, what happened with papers that, at least they said it on a levels, whatever they were measuring was all levels, that decreased, but it was not. They didn't realize until after the drug failed and the central problem, it was likely due to the precedent for the study, where I think some other... Yeah, dopamine or something like that. Yeah, exactly. So that makes sense. Yeah. There's a QGO. Sorry. There's the safety. Oh, that's interesting. Okay, I didn't know that. So this is a decent, like, negative example of, like, how you could have avoided sort of going down this path. And then there's other ones, like if you can figure out how, like, Oh, we knew this was going to be successful before the trials were done. Now you're on to this trial prediction engine, which is also useful to investors, but also, like, to everyone else. I think we... I think it was, like, we could start from the negative direction because when we look at some of the other people that you mentioned, they all seem to be in, like, the positive direction of, like, Oh, we think this could work for justification of life. Where hope with this is, like, we can give the other side of the coin, like, this is all the reasons why maybe... Yeah. Here's, I'm going to tell you the most delicate end-user population that you have to think about this. Put in the hands of patients, they would kind of abuse this in ways they don't understand. Because, like, at baseline we don't have a lot of information about whether or not the drugs will work. So they might see a bunch of stuff that says, Oh, this, we don't know if this drug's going to work. I don't want to do the trial. It's like, well, it's not any worse than any other thing, and it's also, like, the disease is so bad you might want to do this. So there are things like... Yeah. And then there's other things where there might be side effects, but there are ways to, like, monitor your safety. Like, for instance, for the GLP-1 obesity drugs, you can get things that will reduce the nausea. Yeah. But that might just light up like crazy. Oh, it produces a nausea. You don't have any deal with that, don't worry. Like if it was, like, making your toenails fall off, I'd be like... Yeah. Different way versus toenails. I think, like, some people would make that trade, and other people would be like, No, I like my toenails. That's a very good point. Like, that's something I think about how to train... But that's the user-centered design is, like, one of the ways that it might be appealing to a general audience is, like, how do you help patients decide what trials to do? Now we're going to take, like, all of this breakthrough science you've heard about, auto scientists, and democratize it for patients,
And so I have, like, got a few Mac minis in the basement, and they're just, like, cranking through the entirety of human disease, and then you just, like, look up whatever you need. So, like, that's, like, how you would, like, brute force, like, rainbow tables for, like, you know, security. That's an interesting concept. Can you brute force the human biology? That would be pretty interesting, yeah. Some of this is you can hear me out loud, like, thinking the sizzle versus the steak. Like, what's the sizzle thing that's, like, the catchy thing, and some people roll their eyes, and, like, VCs are going nuts, like, Oh, this is a good sell right away. And then the steak is like, Oh my gosh, like scientifically actually really robust. And then the VCs are like, I don't understand that, I don't need to. It's all about, like, you know, grit. Who was, like, the person in the healthcare track you talked to? Oh, she is a VC, actually. Oh wow. So her name's Kim. I forget her last name, but she's floating around. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I'll send her a message. Yeah. Our final two pages, we're just, like, to keep info, not give our reference, or, like, where you should would be. Our understanding is, like, they are not going to just sit with this, like, they're going to have to show it. So, like, it'll... This is a good summary interface. The appraisal in the narrative is actually what you need to figure out what the UI needs to look like for that better, because it's hard for somebody, like, staring at the sources to immediately understand the... It's just links and, yeah. Yeah, like what. But it's also very dense information. So we could have AI summarize it too. Maybe what we could do is, like, we can write potentially, like, a preliminary report and then have some citations, in-text citations based on whatever. One thing I worked on before, like, in a hackathon project, of, like, sediment, what it does is, like, it's like color, like, by transparency. It'll, it was actually a sort of Wikipedia article, because you can edit Wikipedia articles. And so it'll say, like, oh, like, if a sentence is, like, known to be bad or, like, is very well established from multiple sources, it'll be a darker color. Try a few options. Yeah, like, don't spend too much time on that, but just focus on the main product first. And the intuition that for a hackathon especially, no one's going to have any idea what this is. So I like the big, like, explanation of what export appraisal should also. You should be somewhat opinionated about what you think the user should be doing next. Right. So export appraisal is, like, is it— that's our appraisal. Do you want them to agree with it next, or use this to decide, and then go back to sources, like, here's why you should believe, like, what. So you just don't put those as words, but in your mind, like, there's a user journey happening in addition to just the interface of interacting with the data. And one of the features, just so you know, like, four summers ago, our intern who was, like, applied math CS at Brown, he— I was like, Hey, throw a PowerPoint button on this thing, because you would be shocked at how popular that feature is. You don't have to do it, but if you ever build this for real, throw a PowerPoint generate this to PowerPoint right away button whenever you... Because it's still the way that people then eventually have to moveed out and say, like, human decision making, and they don't have any other— like the production cycle of even throwing your output into a GPT, whatever, is like, no, just throw it into PowerPoint, and then, like, the AI can move different graphs and stuff, but lay out what you think the application looks like. So he did that, and I was like, Oh, it's so great. Everyone can just, like, take this presentation to, like, their meetings. Yeah, that's really good. I know, it's so much more engaging than, like, this, like mass of, like, text. So that's very biased towards inside of a company, but, like, that's when I'm just giving you an idea of when I think through to the next thing is like, oh, so the appraisal is, like, going to justify a decision to someone. So is this, like, an investor thesis? Is this, like, an internal PowerPoint to help people get comfortable and debate something? And sometimes if you actually look at how humans create these decks that are experts, they'll be not opinionated, but they'll try and say, Here are the things we need to answer in order to make a decision. And then they'll kind of walk through all the information, good, bad, or different, like some of them may not be, like, very equivocal, and they'll be like, We know this is a problem. And really good scientists will, like, push hard on every single thing, like, How do you know that's true? Did you try this? And the rest. But either way, that's the format and vernacular of it. In the investor community, it's, like, really thin. You don't ahead, like this, whatever you produce is enough. And then in the academic community, you're, like, generally, like, putting it into, like, grant application form. Right. So there's one more twist on this one, and I spoke—I had an med school classmate who's, like, the vice chair at research at Cornell Med now. I was, like, How much are you guys using, like, AI to populate your grant applications? Right. Like the NIH frowns on that. They have specific policies. Yeah, except, like, yeah, except can you, like, even with that, can you? Yeah, can you, like, start populating them in a way that it's not completely all AI generated? Because the NIH is probably more concerned that you're just faking stuff, not, like, you're organizing stuff to go into a form that just takes you several hours to fill out. Yeah. One of the... Yeah. One of the... Yeah. One of the, I worked under Todd Parker, the USC CTO and serial entrepreneur before that, and he said when you create a product that leaves more money or time in your user and customers' pocket, they tend to share that value back with you. So there are pieces of this that you kind of hear the different audiences, like, for the patients, it's not time or money. You might save their life. So, like, if you can solve that problem for them, but also they would, even given infinite time, they wouldn't be able to sort through this. So you're, like, saving them time in, like a fundamentally transformative way. For the drug developing company, they'll eventually get to that answer. So surprisingly, the company already has a way of doing this. So they're the least friendly audience if you ever want to, like, create a startup around this. Even though you're designing it for them and they're artificial, comes from this credit. The NIH application thing, oddly enough, leaves more money in the pocket of the grant applicants. And they'll, like, you don't— once you get that once or twice done, then it'll be, like, the worst-kept secret. And things where if you can hit a two-sided marketplace where the NIH uses it to reject applications and the other people use it to apply, then you kind of block the market where AI is a critical piece of infrastructure for that. Or other types of, like, deal review, where, like, somebody's ability to, like, exit their company to a bigger biotech or pharma depends on your diligence software saying, like, Oh yeah, no, that's, like, no go. Like we're not even having a meeting with you. It's like, Oh shoot, I better run it through that to make sure I can sell to them. What am I missing? Do I have to do any other experiments before I take that to try and get acquired? So that is just one other, like, very MBA lens of saying, like, who doesn't have another way of doing this that would force them to pay money, or, like, it would return so much time to them that they would share that value of time with you. I think that this would be really interesting. I've heard, it seems like the pages that are, like, the chart of the mockups where we have, like, a lot of flexibility to, like, Yeah, yeah, like tinker with it and, like, if you want to, you know, just... It sounds like you have agents, like, cranking away now, but they're not bad at creating, you know, just mocked up interfaces that being able to say, like, Okay, like, explore the space as broadly as you can, like think about different personas, like select from the ones that comes back with and be like, Oh, I like this one, I don't like that one. And we were also just trying to have, like, multiple agents separate from each other running and also have validate it so and, like, merge into one thing. It doesn't really matter depending on the end part. Part of the value of these exercises, like, high tactics, like, this is very, like, low risk environment where if you, like, failed, it's not like you're going to crash forever. So here you, like, have an opportunity to be like, Oh
So that you, like, come back and, like, fresh and be like, I gotta go lie down. What would you come back with? Oh, that's all crap, but at least I was working on it. Yeah, that's fair. That's so fair. Yeah. I mean, I think there's a lot of ideas, but we just need to settle on, like— Yeah. Yeah, just to boil it down, you're on the right path. Like, keep kinda exercising: what is the user really trying to solve? How do they solve it today? And then, like, think of other classes of users where they might be really valuable, especially ones that are relatable to this general audience at a hackathon. One other tactic, by the way, this is kind of geared more Silicon Valley lore, but you can help out. Amazon creates these things similar to your PRD, but they call it a PRFAQ, which is they write a two-page press release as if they're releasing a product. Because it's not the first thing they do, but they wanna figure out, can we explain what the heck this thing is? But they're in the consumer space, so it's a little easier to do that. But it's actually a good forcing mechanism. It's like, if I can't explain what this actually does in a press release to any audience, then there's some piece of it that I haven't clarified for myself. So that's just yet another, like, you definitely don't have to do it now, but if you're looking for, like, fun learning opportunities and, like, it's, like 2 a.m. and, like, I can't look at code anymore, so let me write the PRFAQ. The PRFAQ is actually, artifacts like that increasingly, just having come off an experience where we were, like, doing a full-bore agente build, it's surprisingly useful to guide agents and try to figure out, like, I think we were using Opus Five, and if you can't understanding what we were trying to get at, more than just, like, the functional requirements, it was like, Oh, you're trying to build one of those. Okay, your requirements are all wrong. Let me just build this anyways. So the more context you provide to the AI, they seem to, they, I don't know, it seems to perform a little bit better. Not necessarily the artificial Amazon press release, but things like that that explain the intent behind what you're doing. Can I also ask, like, kind of like an honest question on this? Like, would you pay for this tool? And if you wouldn't, like, what is the gap, or, like, what are guarantees it would have to have for you? Paying for the tool is a different problem to solve in healthcare. One of the best companies— there's a podcast called Acquired that explains this. There's a company called Viva that sold basically the Salesforce system. They actually were competing against Salesforce a bit, and they won Pfizer not off of the quality of the software, which is you can ask people if they'll pay for something, they'll generally say no. Then you, if you're, like, taking an early sales role as, like a startup founder, because you should just be your own salesperson. Sometimes. Then you ask, well, what do you use today to do this? And when they start kind of complaining, or they're not really emotionally attached to their solution, then you know you could actually get them to pay for it, but they just won't admit it because they don't know what to value it at. Wait, yeah, sorry. That was, like, a bit of a... So I personally just, like, don't do this part. I don't do the strategy. But the people who do, that would be what you want a person to be like, okay, do that. The way to, like— the gruesome way to do it is to basically send investors and have them, like, short the hell out of a stock and be, like, company has no idea why. And you're just, like, way better at reading more pipeline than the scientists are. But that's rare because scientists are pretty good at what they do. That's the balance is, like you're accelerating for companies that are maybe not as good at this, you know, the process of actually getting them to credit. So that's why if you sold them, would you buy it? they'd have to be unusually aware of how bad they are at it. Why, like, the other route to, like, success would be, like, it's not as— if it's replacing the drug company, replacing somebody should be doing this already. And if this actually shows results different from what they would do, then there's, like, maybe a speed thing, but more it's like you're just, like not capable of getting you the right information in a new solution. Wait, that, I think, is a really, really good point. Yeah. But it's still very valuable to Regeneron to have tools like that. So that's the things, like, we might... All of you, by the way, that entered a track, you're all gonna get, like, spammed by me asking, like, Hey, you want to do, like, projects with us? But that really the sort of thing is, like, this is not necessarily something we would buy, but we would try and build internally. Because we also have, like, proprietary information that, like, fills in the blanks on, well, we've done this experiment, we've done this one. Nobody else knows we've done that. I can also try should probably get other biotech companies. Our thinking is, like— I remember, like, at the startup operator background, one of the biggest things we learned is, if you are building something that makes sure it's valuable and actually what you're messaging for, and then the second thing is that it also allows us to say, like, hey, we know it's 24 hours. We're not going to get to, like, a full production system in that time, but we can build the structure in such a way that it could get to that. So this one's interesting because not all biotechs are the same. Large ones are gonna say, we can build ourselves. Innovation tends to happen in small biotechs much faster because— well, actually, yeah, smaller biotechs, because they don't have, like, 100 people doing anything, and they have to outsource these very generic contract research organization that have, like, you know, just an MD type phoning it in of trying to develop a regular drug. Yeah. So if you— like, now you're getting into good problems to have, because, like, you seem to have product-market fit, you're trying to assemble a startup and go to market. The way I would solve it would be, like, release it for free and then have, like, a contact— like put your email in to be able to use this, just send a sales person. Like it's not— it's an out-of-band solution. Do you have any other questions or anything else? I think we talked, like, a lot. Like that was very, that was very helpful. Yeah. The things I'm censoring right now are, like, the objections. The one biggest one is that we do something called genetic validation, which is that in the natural experiment of human genes, that's how we tend to find targets in the first place. And that's a very strong line of evidence that you won't have access to because you need to be run on genomic analysis of, like the relationship between these variants and what we think variants do, to this type of, like, what's expressed by the gene first of all, and then what's the role, and then is there a loss of function or some other kind of what's the result of that variant? So that's how Regeneron and several other biotechs approach when they have access to those genetic data. You're not gonna have access to that. So you might want to just partner some type of, like, genetic module that looks through publications or something in lieu of doing the primary research yourself, or and/or, like, you just leave a parking spot for something to go out to, like an MCP someday that exists that says, okay, go do this genetic, like Mendelian randomization for us and validate it against a genetic dataset, but, like, we don't have time to build it right now. So that makes sense. But I'm missing— like I don't do this part for a living, so, and the other mentors are, like, offline until tomorrow, unfortunately. So you may want to ask AI, like, how do companies actually validate targets and just get the overall superstructure, knowing that you have several under-construction, like, lanes, but you don't— in the demo you don't have to, like make a big deal out of it, but you can in other signage be like, okay, coming soon or whatever. Like, just know that so that when people inevitably, like, have, like, Oh, it's, like, really deficient on this, and be like, Yeah, it's only, like, 24 hours. Like, what did you do in that 24 hours? Did you dinner? Do your laundry? Like, yeah. Yeah, I think that's exactly the balance we're trying. We want to be able to show a use case that is, like, valuable and impactful, and then also justify and say, like, hey, we have 24 hours, but, like, you did this. So that's the thing is, can you get the system actually operational against that new dataset? And that's fun. Like, see if you can ramp it up against something. Agents are gonna hit, like, a lot of, like, throttled APIs all over the internet. So we'll see how far you can get, but it's okay. See if you can gracefully fail. Like, if one thing fails,
That's funny. But no, in all seriousness, like that's what, like, because it's become too... Because of code agents, hackathons have been much harder to judge from a technical standpoint. At Hack Princeton, there was one maniac, like awesome guy from Major League Hacking, who was literally, like, just flipping through every single file in the repo and looking. This was at the winner stage, so he was like, No, no, no, we really have to look now because we're about to award, like the grand prize winner of the entire hackathon. So he's, like, really looking through the code, and, like, the rest of us judges just, like, Okay, like, it's not that big of a deal, man. He was, No, no, no. It's like we should, like, make sure, because it's, like, not fair to the other entrants if they just, like, baked their way through the code. Nowadays it's more like the code is so awful because you've been fixing it for 24 hours and, like, everything's just, like, layers of just weird Frankenstein. You're like, Ah, barely got it to run. So that's, like, experienced hackathon, like Major League Hacking apparently they see enough of it, they're like, No, we know it's gonna be awful, but at least we see evidence of them trying to do something here, versus, like, we've seen entries that they demo so well and then you go into the repo and it's like, What the hell is this? There's nothing in here. And it's, like, people starting, like, kind of skeletonizing something out and, like, Well, how did they build their demo? Hard-coded. Yeah. So it depends obviously on, like, the tracks. I don't know the scoring rubric for the healthcare track, but you might want to look at it. Like certainly some of the other companies in Regeneron included, because it's now possible to use code agents, we place a higher value on, like, realistically being able to use the tool as opposed to it just being, like, a quick demo. Whereas in the battle days when I did hackathons, you're like, Oh, I just barely got this working. No, it's fine, it's fine. Sort of, again, what, like, Grant Sanderson said today is you would do those events more to learn to build than to actually build anything. And now it's like, I have to learn to command AI to build things. It's like, Oh, you're actually learning to check a build now and, like, how do you get AI to check for you and working on a deadline. All right.